docs(icons): copy icon to clipboard feature (#3910)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui: .changeset/honest-onions-look.md

---
"@chakra-ui/docs": minor
---

> Add copy icon name to clipboard when clicking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking an icon in the icons list now copies the icon name to clipboard.
```
